Release v1.19.0 (#1509)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.19.0 (13/05/2024)

**Common**

> * Added `Promote` to the `olp::cache::KeyValueCache` API to explicitly promote the key in the LRU cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `Promote` to the `olp::cache::KeyValueCache` API to explicitly promote the key in the LRU (Least Recently Used) cache.
```
It's always good to explain acronyms the first time they're used in the document.

* Fixed the CMake configuration for MSVC build.

> * Updated code snippets and the documentation to reflect recent changes in API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated code snippets and documentation to reflect recent changes in the API.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Changed `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClientImpl::SignInClient` to retry basing on the `olp::client::RetrySettings` instead of returning error immediately in case of transient errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClientImpl::SignInClient` to retry based on the configuration in `olp::client::RetrySettings` instead of returning an error immediately in case of transient errors.
```

> * Fixed parsing of server time returned in the response header when the time zones are involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed parsing of server time returned in the response header when there are time zone differences.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-core**

> * Included `system_error` to the `/olp/core/porting/shared_mutex.h` explicitly in order to support GCC 13.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `system_error` explicitly to `/olp/core/porting/shared_mutex.h` to support GCC 13.2.
```

> * Changed `olp::http::NetworkCurl` to log used certificate location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `olp::http::NetworkCurl` to log the location of the certificate used.
```

> * Changed `olp::client::HRN::ToString()` and `olp::client::HRN::ToCatalogHRNString()` implementation to avoid streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `olp::client::HRN::ToString()` and `olp::client::HRN::ToCatalogHRNString()` implementations to avoid streams.
```

> * Changed `olp::http::Md5LookupGetBySubject` signature in order to support OpenSSL v3.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `olp::http::Md5LookupGetBySubject` signature to support OpenSSL v3.x.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Decreased number of memory reallocations for cases when only tile keys are required by the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Decreased the number of memory reallocations for instances when only the tile keys are required by the caller.
```
